hello friend such are you are lettuces and today
I bring you a new way for micra
this time we bring the chest of the
experience and what this gives us
very good gives us two kinds of
of chests to keep our
experience and it's worth we have them here one
of gold and another is of valley
the character are very simple they are worth
does obsidian is worth a pyramid two
ideas and half two gold and a chest worth
loses dieter ending is done with
obsidian a chest of n
and two diamond
and now let's see the difference between
one and between one and another let's run
the two chests
and it's very very simple it 's very useful to
use vale for example this what
we put here
and we have our councilors and the other
both here we will not leave it in the
Inventory
as we can see if we click click with
the right button on top of the mod over
of
of the chest opens us this is worth that
we can this is the experience we're going
to leave me for example I have 34
experience and I'll leave the 50 by
hundred percent we put that in 50 per
hundred
and we give it to keep it after we
will remove half and already according to the grades
we have that will take us more or less
ok then it 's very simple and for
withdraw we give
It has 50 42 and a bar
and everything is removed
if we withdraw two dollars then
let's see if we put it here we put
100 50% worth putting 50
hundred we give you to conserve is worth and
we have the 25
and now how does it work like this works
which is normal that is simpler than
character and all the subjects and then
we have the one of linden vale is of the ende
it's also the same, we say
50 percent is worth we give to
keep
they put us 17 we are left 17 they speak
so
the one from where the let's say does the function
with a cost of between normal only what
it happens that it is only for the experience
we go here we put that
and here we keep here and here we put
the rest of the questions that we have left
and it tells us that we have 17 in another chest
it's worth keeping everything
if we go to the other chest
jumping jumping and if we give here
we will see that we have 25 percent if
we give you to withdraw 100 and we remove 95 and
already in the other chest we do not have it
as if it were a chest to sell normal
but only for the experience
if we give him we see that we do not have the bullet
that we have removed it in the other thing
then this I already tell you that it works
as if it were a normal ender chest and
current you have seen that it is
quite pretty useful for the series
our to do in our bad series
What do you do?
It's good to not be losing losing
the experience continuously every time
that kill us malbec bonarda guys this
has been the mode today and I hope there
liked and you know how to subscribe and
comment to not miss anything until
then